CBP-20707 - Update kaniko action with commit details (#54)
cloudbees-io/kaniko: README.adoc

Accepted inputs are: `panic`, `fatal`, `error`, `warn`, `info`, `debug`, `trace`.
Default is `info`.

| `commit`
| String
| No

> | The commit ID from the source repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The commit ID from the source repository, used to register the artifact to the CloudBees platform.
```

| `repository-url`
| String
| No
| The clone URL of the repository.

| `ref`
| String
| No

> | The ref or branch of the checked-out repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The ref or branch of the source repository, used to register the artifact to the CloudBees platform.
```
